* Even with eyes protected by the green spectacles

Dorothy and her friends were at first dazzled by the brilliancy of the
wonderful City. The streets were lined with beautiful houses all built
of green marble and studded everywhere with sparkling emeralds. They
walked over a pavement of the same green marble, and where the blocks
were joined together were rows of emeralds, set closely, and
glittering in the brightness of the sun. The window panes were of
green glass; even the sky above the City had a green tint, and the
rays of the sun were green.

** There were many people, men, women and children, walking about,

and these were all dressed in green clothes and had greenish skins.
They looked at Dorothy and her strangely assorted company with
wondering eyes, and the children all ran away and hid behind their
mothers when they saw the Lion; but no one spoke to them. Many shops
stood in the street, and Dorothy saw that everything in them was
green. Green candy and green pop‐corn were offered for sale, as well
as green shoes, green hats and green clothes of all sorts. At one
place a man was selling green lemonade, and when the children bought
it Dorothy could see that they paid for it with green pennies.

** There seemed to be no horses nor animals of any kind

the men carried things around in little green carts, which they pushed
before them. Everyone seemed happy and contented and prosperous.

*** The Guardian of the Gates led them through the streets

until they came to a big building, exactly in the middle of the City,
which was the Palace of Oz, the Great Wizard. There was a soldier
before the door, dressed in a green uniform and wearing a long green
beard.

“Here are strangers,” said the Guardian of the Gates to him, “and
they demand to see the Great Oz.”

“Step inside,” answered the soldier, “and I will carry your message
to him.”

* So they passed through the Palace gates and were led into a big room

with a green carpet and lovely green furniture set with emeralds.
The soldier made them all wipe their feet upon a green mat before
entering this room, and when they were seated he said, politely,

#+BEGIN_EXAMPLE
“Please make yourselves comfortable while I go to the door of the
Throne Room and tell Oz you are here.”

* They had to wait a long time before the soldier returned. When, at
last, he came back, Dorothy asked,
#+END_EXAMPLE

“Have you seen Oz?”
